[Music]
Hello friends of the channel, I'm
going to give you some news that has left me
totally disoriented. There's been
a lot of talk about this in the last few days,
but I want to know what you think and if you
have any information to send me, okay? Or
if you have something to tell me that's out of my control, it
turns out that a contestant
named Sandra, a former contestant on Big
Brother, I didn't know her, I didn't see her this edition
many years ago, is
publicly denouncing in the
media that the father of her sons or
daughters, I think they are daughters, doesn't let her
contact them or talk to them
while he has them on extreme
vacation, as was the issue of
separation and custody of the children
and so on,
putting the children in the middle, it
freaks me out, it can take you to the mother
or the father to kill, okay, or like today,
pulling my hair out,
metaphorically stressed, please don't take
my word out of context, but children never
have anything to do with it, well, in the worst
relationship with the mother or the father,
but you have to have contact with
your children, you know  you have to have a
way even if they are with the other parent
in which you can contact them at
any time even if it is not your turn
okay in this case that mother
can pick up a phone at any time
and say hey how are you come on see you
later hey look I saw it on
TV I don't know what but they have a
guaranteed way here what is happening is
that this mother sandra is going to the
media between them to
live her life to say no that there is no
way to contact the children I think there
are two lines okay but just in
case it is the child has another daughter older
than 13 years old who does not want to know anything about the
father apparently she is not there to
think about those who know nothing about the father on
their own according to the
mother I also tell you and then she has a
5 and 8 year old
who are with the father okay but she cannot
contact them and also according to what she
is saying she is trying through
all the media she has been
making noise these days and she cannot
get anyone from benidorm or
anyone from his family to tell her hey
look stay calm the children
are fine and that's it okay if  it's a
boy and a girl, it was that I remember
because on Viva la Vida he said that
the little one is the man in his life, he
's a boy and a girl, okay, the thing is, I don't
understand, I mean, literally, I don't
understand, then he called the
Viva la Vida program today, which I haven't seen in
full yet because they haven't uploaded it, have you
told me because he's causing trouble,
not like everything is a lie, that all
the complaints that we're in
are false,
that he can call the children whenever he
wants, that the children's grandmother lives
meters from where he is and that he could
come in at any moment to see how they are and
that she's putting on this whole
spectacle but that she's the one
calling us, that she hasn't done anything to call, you know what? It
sounds really strange because he himself
said, I have two phone numbers and I
have her blocked on both, it's like I don't
understand very well, no, this is
very easy to prove, who's telling
the truth, okay, this is super
easy to prove because there's a call log,
okay, and there are some invoices, so if
she's calling, I imagine that she must
have the log on the
invoice and look at all the calls that  I
'm doing and
these calls are not being received, the thing here is that it's
quite ugly, that's what looks quite
ugly here, she talks about a violence of Vícar
already and I came across a news story that
says Isabel Pantoja's former driver is acquitted
of the crimes of
gender violence reported by a former
Big Brother contestant. This news story tells us
that this complaint for
gender violence is worth, among others, that she puts on him
because apparently
she is reporting him, how good that he goes
somewhere with the children or with his daughter
in the car without points on his license, that is,
with his license revoked, okay,
apparently according to this news, he
was driving with his license revoked,
that on the one hand and then on the other hand,
the complaint is supposed to be for a
fight, an argument that the father has with his
daughter and in that argument they
always take it as a proven fact according to this news
and I'm not affirming anything, always
according to this news they take it as a proven fact
that the father insults the girl,
expressions like disgusting garbage and
traitorous, apart from the fight, what
happens is that, well, the judge considers it to
be a mutual fight because the girl is
also  responding to him which
is not insults or grievances
towards one part but is mutual is
the two saying things that it is evident
that there is a bad relationship I do
not know what to say I do not know what to say on
this subject but as I
tell you it seems very very very very
strange to me at least I do not like to point the finger at
anyone to say that no one is guilty but I do
tell you that in these things at
least the children are not in the
middle no and that it affects whoever it
affects whether you like it more or you like it less
if the mother wants to call she wants to
contact you with them or the 9 that otherwise
the children can contact the mother
whenever they want here I
tell you I am going to wait to see what is coming
out in the next few days but of course if
today he came out saying that he has
never called us then I am going to wait to see
what comes out these days why
because as I tell you or rather she has to
have the call you know surely it will
come out tomorrow or it will come out in the past saying
look to remove the calls what she is
saying about lies it is very easy
to demonstrate to dismantle not if at the
moment you already know that a person is
asked  to a lie we can already distrust
the rest of the story we have no reason to
but if they already distrust no then I'm going to
wait but the truth is that I don't get it, it
gives me the roll, it gives me the
creeps, sincerely I don't consider that this
woman at least in this case and in a
couple of cases that I have seen
in the news no because there are several
news stories about the case of these people no, I do
not consider it to be a false accusation,
I consider that it is an accusation, a
false accusation is not the same as an
accusation in which you consider yourself
a victim, you know, I consider that
she considers herself a victim, that
later justice sees it as sufficient to
execute a criminal action or not, does not see it as that
bad because it influenced other things,
okay, but not a false accusation is
that you present false testimonies,
false evidence and I do not think that is the case
because there are several news stories published and
well, damn, there is a fight between
father and daughter that there are quite
strong grievances, no, what happens is that later the judge
considers that she does not have enough,
enough, everything is crazy for something criminal,
well, but let's see the discussion say, hey,
man, I do not think she is a
very prudent person, someone  who has his license
revoked according to this news
and with his license and even less with companions we are
not going to see how the days go by the
truth is I do not like at all that
these types of situations happen with children
involved I do not know I already told you is that I am
always skeptical about all the
issues I do not like to
lean towards one side or the other
okay or believe in a first version
but here I tell you that there is a
situation that the truth seems
quite murky to me at least okay murky
at least we will see how
the days go by and what is happening
here but let's see if that rule or well it
looks bad it looks bad what do
you think about this subject I already tell you
always be skeptical but with logic do not
listen here you see strange things
what do you think those of you who are reading the
comments box and I will see you in the
next newscast
[Music]